README.md, before:

# eslint-config-labrys

## Description

Config for Typescript projects at Labrys which incorporates AirBnb, Shopify, prettier, and React Hook configs. Feel free to add/modify rules through pull requests (send me a slack message so I don't miss it).

## Usage

### Installation

```bash
npm install --save-dev eslint-config-labrys
```

### Install required peer dependencies

for React:

```bash
npm install --save-dev eslint @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin @typescript-eslint/parser @shopify/eslint-plugin eslint-plugin-react eslint-plugin-react-hooks eslint-plugin-import eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y typescript
```

for base:

```bash
npm install --save-dev eslint @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin @typescript-eslint/parser @shopify/eslint-plugin eslint-plugin-import eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y typescript
```

### Create Eslint Config

Create a file named `.eslintrc.js` and add the following for a React project:

```js
module.exports = {
  extends: "eslint-config-labrys",
  parser: "@typescript-eslint/parser",
};
```

and for a non-React project:

```js
module.exports = {
  extends: "eslint-config-labrys/base",
  parser: "@typescript-eslint/parser",
};
```

Commit message:

feat: :sparkles: update a few configs, add new README installation steps and a CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# eslint-config-labrys

## Description

Config for Typescript projects at Labrys which incorporates AirBnb, Shopify, prettier, and React Hook configs.

## Usage

### 1. Install this package

```bash
yarn add -D eslint-config-labrys
```

### 2. Install peer dependencies

If you have npm 5+ installed on your machine, use this shortcut

```bash
npx install-peerdeps --dev eslint-config-labrys
```

Otherwise, run `npm info "eslint-config-labrys@latest"` peerDependencies to list the peer dependencies and versions, then run `yarn add --dev <dependency>@<version>` for each listed peer dependency.

### 3. Create ESLint Config

Create a file named `.eslintrc.js` and add the following for a React project:

```js
module.exports = {
  extends: "eslint-config-labrys",
  parser: "@typescript-eslint/parser",
};
```

and for a non-React project:

```js
module.exports = {
  extends: "eslint-config-labrys/base",
  parser: "@typescript-eslint/parser",
};
```

## Improving this config

See `CONTRIBUTING.md` in the GitLab repo for a guide on how to contribute to this config.
